# Bouncer Data Privacy Policy
This document will cover the Bouncer data collected and used by Interlock, a web3 security company.

## Bouncer & Discord Event Data
Bouncer is Interlock’s Discord security bot. It is required to collect (and sometimes retain) certain event data from Discord for it to protect Discord servers from malicious links. This includes:

* Bouncer commands executed by Discord mods

* Command history is retained because mods may make security decisions with Bouncer which may need to be audited later in the event of a phishing attack

Bouncer is an open source project – the source code is available on GitHub. There you can see exactly what data is sent to our backend pipeline.

## Bouncer Data We Collect
Interlock maintains a backend pipeline that classifies URLs as safe or unsafe. To do so, we collect and retain certain kinds of data. This data is not considered personally identifiable information (PII), and thus is not protected under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) or similar legislation. This includes:

* Discord server/guild ID (non-PII), channel ID, allowlisted URLs

* Dynamically rendered heuristic assets (i.e. favicons made by JS, instead of static)

* URLs by server ID, without parameters

## Analytics Data
Interlock will collect and retain the following information for URL classification:

* Resolvable links sent in servers

* A link object contains the domain of the link, the data generated by Interlock about the link (classification as safe or unsafe, etc.) and the target URL

* Query string parameters will be stripped from the target URL in the link object

* Analytics data is stored indefinitely

## Data Anonymization and Deletion Policy
Analytics data will be disassociated from the user who generated it.

For example, if a user posts a safe URL on a Discord server using Bouncer, Interlock will retain the URL and the “safe” classification in case another user posts the same URL in the future, but will not retain any association between that safe URL and the user who posted it.

This protects users who post links to safe websites like Planned Parenthood who get their records subpoenaed by a state or country where abortion is illegal.

Mod actions will be deleted by default after one year.

## Data Processing
Discord message event data is processed on DigitalOcean infrastructure located in the United States. It is stored in a Digital Ocean virtual machine that is only accessible to Interlock employees. Discord mods can access Bouncer settings for their own Discord servers via HTTPS.

If you have any questions or concerns about Bouncer, please email bouncer@interlock.network

## Third-Party Policies
In addition to the above, we follow the [Discord Developers Terms of Service](https://discord.com/developers/docs/policies-and-agreements/developer-terms-of-service) as well as the [Discord Developer Policy](https://discord.com/developers/docs/policies-and-agreements/developer-policy).